[Music]
you know it seems like almost every
country in the world has at least one
law that baffles foreigners to no end
and Canada is no exception
did you just say I can't fill my bathtub
with more than three-and-a-half inches
of water when taking a bath
yep that's Canada but wait there's more
to come on the Canadian Island
Newfoundland a cow can't be your pet
even if you've been dreaming of it your
whole life so well it's not illegal to
own a cow keeping it in your home is a
strict no-no in Sudbury Ontario
you can attach sirens to your bike
otherwise you'll have to pay a fine of a
whopping $5,000 at the same time horns
and bells are perfectly okay so does
that mean that there used to be people
with sirens on their bikes in the town
of Soros on Prince Edward Island there's
a law that prohibits you from building a
snowman that's taller than 30 inches
well I see their point
big snowmen are spooky in Etobicoke
Ontario people seem to be a little too
worried about bathtub safety thus
according to the local law you can't
enjoy more than three and a half inches
of water in your bathtub hmm how do they
enforce that do they break into your
bathroom and measure it if you ever
visit the Canadian province of Alberta
do not paint a wooden ladder it's
against the law and in the town of
Oshawa in Ontario you can't climb a tree
otherwise you'll have big problems with
the authorities also you can't hang
swings or a hammock on a tree's branch
Victoria British Columbia has an
inexplicable rule of its own here street
entertainers aren't allowed to give
children animals made of balloons
well that one makes sense in Canada the
city of Fredricksen you can't leave home
while wearing your pet snake on your
neck or holding your pet lizard in your
hands if you want to take your snake or
any other rep
for a walk be so kind as to put it in a
glass container now are you going to the
supermarket with the hope of getting rid
of some change
hold your horses or keep them outside in
Canada there are limits as to how many
coins you can use while pay for stuff in
particular you can pay up to $25.00 in
loonies which are Canadian one dollar
coins five dollars in Nicole's and only
25 cents in pennies if you decide to
work as a cab driver in Halifax never do
you hear me never wear a t-shirt and a
pair of shorts while inside the car the
thing is that all the cab drivers in
Nova Scotia's capital must wear some
sort of uniform a shirt with a collar
and long sleeves and ankle length pants
if it gets too hot all you're allowed is
a pair of dress shorts that covers your
needs so there if you decide to paint a
garage door in Canada which is one of
the largest suburbs of Ottawa use any
color but purple try this color and
you'll be fine now once it was illegal
to throw snowballs in Esquimalt british
columbia however nowadays you can start
a snow fight there without looking over
your shoulder all the time could it be
that the police just got fed up with
arresting kids now be careful if you're
a teenager wearing lace-up shoes on Main
Street in Fort Qu'Appelle in
Saskatchewan their teens can have untied
shoes otherwise they or their parents
will have to pay a fine now one Canadian
law that dates back to the 1940s
declares it's illegal to own print or
sell comics that mention any criminal
act well doesn't that mean that
literally all superhero comic books were
prohibited in Canada if you live in the
town of London Ontario make sure that
you take good care of your lawn once the
grass grows 8 inches tall immediately
mow the lawn otherwise the city
authorities will come and mow it for you
but then you'll have to spend a fortune
paying the bill they'll send you
okay how about this one in Ottawa it's
illegal to eat ice cream on Bank Street
on Sundays yep any other day of the week
or any other street and you're good to
enjoy your call tree but Bank Street on
a Sunday careful you're breaking the law
in Vancouver from 1947 to 1986 you
weren't allowed to sell stoves within
city limits on Wednesdays just you know
don't ask okay don't try to impress your
friends while performing bike tricks in
Ottawa taking your feet off the pedals
while you're riding a bike is prohibited
by law
okay the next rule was probably created
especially for Santa Claus in Ontario
you can't drive your sleigh along the
highway without a minimum of two bells
attached to the harness of the horse
in fact one pennies aren't used in
Canada any more fact two if you to face
one your actions will still be
considered a crime so no scratching
drilling holes or leaving them on a
railway track to be flattened by a train
got that in Charlottetown on Prince
Edward Island you can't ring anyone's
doorbell or knock at other people's
doors as a joke it's prohibited by law
make sure not to remove a bandaid in a
public place in Canada there's a law
prohibiting it use scab you in wha-wha
Ontario avoid public displays of
affection on Sundays it's illegal
admittedly you can interpret PDA in
different ways but just in case no
kissing or cuddling on Sunday in
Uxbridge Ontario you probably won't be
able to watch your favorite movie on
Netflix
the problem is the internet speed
according to local law it can't be
faster than 56 K a bit faster and you're
an offender for comparison we used to
have that internet speed in the 1990s in
the air of dial-up modems avoid scaring
the Queen in Canada otherwise you'll get
arrested
whoo-oop sorry your majesty there is a
point in the Criminal Code of Canada
where it is illegal to offend a place
with a bad smell probably no finger
pulling there according to Canadian laws
not less than 35% of all the content
broadcasted on the radio must be of
Canadian origin however it's only true
from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday to Friday
now don't pretend to be a person you
aren't in Quebec in particular avoid
impersonating a foreigner it's illegal
and is punished with a fine until 1995
in Ontario it was prohibited to sell
yellow coloured margarine where there a
rational explanation but of course by
keeping margarine white producers tried
to make this product look less appealing
to people
therefore consumers were supposed to buy
the prettier Sun coloured butter you
can't challenge people to a duel or
accept an invitation to one in Canada
if only Alexander Hamilton had known
about this when you visit Calgary
Alberta never ever buy or sell for that
matter non-prescription contact lenses
went at a costume shop it's prohibited
by law if a buy a house in Beaconsfield
Quebec don't even try to paint it more
than two colors otherwise guess what
right you'll be fine your house can be
bright but only one or two colors max in
st. Paul Alberta it's illegal for kids
younger than 15 to be in public places
without a parent or guardian from 12:01
a.m. until 6:00 a.m. well at least you
don't have to worry about your little
ones sneaking out at night it's illegal
to use bad words in the public parks of
Toronto enough said in Montreal you
can't drive a car with a for sale sign
on it if you want to inform the world
about your intentions stop first with
the sign in the window next
Canadian Federal Aviation law prohibits
you from leaving or entering the plane
during flight luckily there is one
exception if you want to make a
parachute jump you can but only if the
pilot allows you to do so
as for the impossibility of entering the
plane mid-flight well I think you should
try it anyways now think twice before
sniffing a hotel in Ontario according to
the local law the hotel has every right
to sell your horse to return the lost
money in Canada it is to be illegal for
non dark soft drinks to contain caffeine
however several years ago things change
and now you can have your daily portion
of caffeine in your grape or orange soda
and still the level of caffeine in these
drinks is lower than let's say in Cola
several Canadian communities once banned
clotheslines because they simply didn't
like how they looked however recently
most provincial authorities have lifted
this ban oh thank goodness if you visit
Oak Bay British Columbia with your
talking parrot make sure that it doesn't
talk too loudly otherwise you'll have to
pay a $100 fine I don't care what Polly
wants shut up in Alberta try to resist
the temptation to set someone's wooden
leg on fire
now I don't know why you would want to
do this but remember that it's
prohibited by a particular law and no
we're not kidding
now which Canadian law impressed you the
most let me know down in the comments if
you learn something new today then give
this video a like and share with a
friend eh but hey don't go exiting the
airplane in mid-flight just yet we have
over 2,000 cool videos for you to check
out all you have to do is pick the left
or right video click on it and enjoy
stay on the bright side of life